did anyone teach you people manner?
i advice you to be careful not to shatter his fragile, fainty heart
excuse me for being cruel and awful
if throwing away half your shit qualifies you as being reasonable, I'm happier being a jerk
i just remembered there's some business i have to take care of
what business could you possibly have in a wardrobe
i have a princely big brother who will fight to protect me, even if it means dashing out under the sunlight, the one thing he fears above all (most of all)
he must be taking a break from the whole nice guy act today.




Luckily, Mozart was an actual genius so he didn't need to change his phrasal groupings just for "experiment's sake" like Haydn did.  This idiot with the weird name, shinmuc?  Doesn't know much more than any of you at all.  He is merely pretending.  There is no "friend in the Stanford department" and it is frankly pathetic of him to call on the mysterious assertion of a friend to "confirm" his odd positions.  He has been aggressive and pretentious all throughout, saying he "hates stupid comments" when he made so many, calling for people to "defend their position" when in reality he has done nothing of the sort.  He attacks Mozart in his original comment and more or less spent the rest of the time being super defensive, exceedingly aggressive and insulting others, instead of talking with substance - for example, discussing actual rhythmic innovation in Haydn's music.

It's true that Haydn innovated rhythmically.  Looking at some of the more obviously mediocre symphonies and quartets of his, we can see shinimuc is certainly right - Haydn was excellent at employing asymetrical phrasings, most especially when it did not serve the music.  Now, the real question: is shiminuc implying that Haydn was a better composer because of this?  Because it is irritatingly clear that the opposite was true.  Mozart was far beyond Haydn in such obvious avenues of orchestration, form, melody, harmonic progression, and dramatic intuition that the two are not even compared among serious academics.  To deny this would simply to be a contrarian, platitudinous buffoon, as shinmimuc has so effortlessly been thus far.

Shnimimuc, or however your ugly name is spelled, why don't you bring your "friend from Stanford" over to actually discuss music?  Or are you afraid of revealing the truth to us - that you are simply a troll who's best interest is to "imply aggressively" as if you were some musical intellectual.  We all can look at every one of your childish comments, and see that you've been busy attacking others, instead of discussing your assertion - and implication.

And, sorry to put it to you so straightforwardly, shinmuc - or, uneducated idiot, as you've demonstrated yourself to be - if you claim you did not wish to make an implication, then you reveal that you had nothing of importance to discuss after all.  And if you claim to merely share an opinion, then here's another truth: the vast majority of educated musicians don't give a single fuck about your delusions of intellectualism.

Consider yourself lucky I responded to you.  You're welcome.? 